Hey how's it going Dave Judy here and
this is a little different video from
normal this is something called the sly
bricks and this is a product actually
purchased last year like late 2016 and I
bought it because I thought it'd be
pretty cool and a completely forgot
about it just sat in my office for
months at this point and I finally found
it back again I thought it would kind of
do an unboxing slash kind of product
experience with it because I'm not going
to review this I'm not an expert at this
type of thing what it is is a drone type
product technically they're called like
remote-controlled quadrocopters or
remote control toys of some sort but
that's what this is but what makes this
one special is that it's made of Lego
and you can attach like different things
to it you can make it a Lego drone okay
let's take a look so I have never built
my own quadrocopter before or drone
before oh my gosh this is so many pieces
I'm just gonna try to do the same with
that instructions because I mean we'll
see this feels very not dirty
like I know it's Lego but this feels
extremely not sturdy what my doing here
I think have to look for instructions
it looks like to control the thing you
need to get an app so I'm going to
download that on my phone I'll be right
back okay now I fly it
no oh it's armed it okay okay okay
in the sauce this is disarmed okay
yeah that did not go as planned
um I have a feeling this was very
imbalanced that's why I flew off and was
out of control okay I'm going to rebuild
this I mean it feels slightly more
balanced than it was before I don't
think I'm gonna make that much of a
difference but I have to test I'm not
sure what to think of this thing I mean
I could probably rebuild it and try it
again I think I should
I've been trying with four rotors they
supply eight and I guess eight would
give it more stability I don't know that
much about quadrocopters and RC toys but
I feel like the more rotors would kind
of give it more opportunity to balance
itself out with the gyroscope so that's
not gonna do I'm going to do one more
attempt at it build I'm going to follow
the instructions to the tee get eight
rotors on this thing a prop I think if
it does any better one utilities late
Dana okay so at this point I've spent a
little bit over an hour building this
thing and I got to be honest it's not
been the most fun hour of my life but
this is the completed version of their
eight rotor device I guess I put on a
bb-8 up front because I mean that's what
this whole thing is about sticking LEGO
pieces onto this thing so that's what we
have BBH probably my favorite Star Wars
related item now we're going to
reconnect it and let's see how this goes
now before I launch this thing I got to
be completely honest I don't have faith
in it I feel like the reasons why it
failed and originally with the four
rotor version still exist in this eight
rotor version but this is as complicated
this build can be and this is built
exactly the way that they've described
it in the instructions so if this
doesn't work then just doesn't work okay
we are connected and I'm going to get
out of the way and let this thing fly
okay the other thing LEM convinces it's
going to shatter into like all the
pieces I don't care we built this so
this is the last time I'm going to do
this okay here we go please quick oh
okay this what Kristen why this project
should not exist so okay I spent about
an hour building this thing and you know
what while I was building I looked it up
this thing is currently going for $180
it was little bit more than I thought it
was that is a lot of money for a product
that I mean maybe there's someone out
there that's going to enjoy this but
really if you're interested in drones
like there's like $20 drones that are
amazing I'll link my favorite one below
and it flies I mean this one I broke
but they fly great and if you've ever
smash them at 20 bucks not a hundred
eighty bucks hope you guys enjoyed this
video
sounds gonna be like selfies love to
I'll see you guys next time
[Music]